Add xpack setting deprecations to deprecation API (#56290)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/migration/migrate_7_8.asciidoc

setting.
====

[[deprecate-basic-license-feature-enabled]]

> .In {es} 7.8.0, the following settings no longer have any effect, and
> have been deprecated:
> 
> * `xpack.enrich.enabled`
> * `xpack.flattened.enabled`
> * `xpack.ilm.enabled`
> * `xpack.monitoring.enabled`
> * `xpack.rollup.enabled`
> * `xpack.slm.enabled`
> * `xpack.sql.enabled`
> * `xpack.transform.enabled`
> * `xpack.vectors.enabled`
> 
> [%collapsible]
> ====
> *Details* +
> Previously, these settings could be set to `false` in order to disable the
> feature's APIs in a cluster. As of 7.8.0, these basic license features are
> always enabled for the {default-dist}.

Reviewer: The short description has to be a one liner. The following change should render correctly.

```suggestion
.Several {xpack} settings no longer have any effect and are deprecated. 

[%collapsible]
====
*Details* +
Basic {xpack} license features are always enabled for the {default-dist} 
and the following settings no longer have any effect: 

* `xpack.enrich.enabled`
* `xpack.flattened.enabled`
* `xpack.ilm.enabled`
* `xpack.monitoring.enabled`
* `xpack.rollup.enabled`
* `xpack.slm.enabled`
* `xpack.sql.enabled`
* `xpack.transform.enabled`
* `xpack.vectors.enabled`

Previously, they could be set to `false` to disable the feature's APIs in a cluster.
```
